
Take your Wi-Fi to the next level.
Nest Wifi Pro with Wi-Fi 6E gives you a high-capacity network and speeds up to 2x faster than Wi-Fi 6.1 It delivers reliable connections, built-in security, and less congestion for everything you do.

From $199.99

Save more with a 2-pack for $299.99, or a 3-pack for $399.99.

Shop now

 

Faster speeds for all your needs.
Nest Wifi Pro with Wi-Fi 6E is Google’s highest-performance system yet, featuring speeds up to 5.4 Gbps, tri-band design with the new 6 GHz band, and up to 2200 square feet of coverage per router.2

Learn more ›
 
 
Monitors your network and fixes common issues itself.
Learn more ›

Surf and stream on the safe side.
Secure booting and software updates, guest networks, and parental controls help keep worries away.

Learn more ›
 
The heart of your connected home.
Matter (coming soon) helps more of your devices work together.3 Thread helps them stay connected and more efficient. The Google Home app lets you control it all.

Learn more ›
Works and looks great out in the open.
Learn more ›
 

 
Which Wi-Fi system is right for you?
Nest Wifi Pro isn’t compatible with previous generations of Nest or Google Wifi devices, because mixed networks can degrade Wi-Fi 6E performance.

Learn more ›

 
Meet the latest from Google.
Discover more new releases like Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro, Chromecast with Google TV (HD), the Google Pixel Watch, and the wired Nest Doorbell.

Explore new devices
 

Get more when you shop on the Google Store.
 	

Google One
Get an additional 10% back in Google Store credit on all device purchases with an eligible Google One membership.*
Learn more ›
 
 
 	

Free shipping
Get free shipping on qualifying purchases.‡
Learn more ›
 
 
 	

Price matching
Shop confidently on the Google Store with price matching on qualifying purchases.
Learn more ›
 
 
 Nest and Pixel devices introduced since 2020 include between 9% and 68% recycled materials.**
 Follow Made by Google on YouTube
 Follow Made by Google on Facebook
 Follow Made by Google on Twitter
 Follow Made by Google on Instagram
Was this email helpful?
 Tell us what you like about this email
 Tell us what you think about this email
 Tell us what we can improve on this email
We’d love to hear from you!
Help us improve by sharing your feedback in this short survey.
1		Up to 2x faster as compared to a Wi-Fi 6 router that supports 80 MHz channels. Wi-Fi 6E specifications are based on use of a Wi-Fi 6 or later generation client device that supports 160 MHz channels. Actual speeds depend on your internet service provider, network conditions, connected device, local regulations and environmental factors. Additional routers may be needed for full coverage.
2		Up to 2x faster as compared to a Wi-Fi 6 router that supports 80 MHz channels. Wi-Fi 6E specifications are based on use of a Wi-Fi 6 or later generation client devices that supports 160 MHz channels. Actual speeds depend on your internet service provider, network conditions, connected device, local regulations, and environmental factors.
3		Check g.co/nest/matternow for availability of Matter’s functionality on Nest Wifi Pro.
*		For eligible Google One plans in limited countries. Restrictions apply.
‡		Free delivery (at the lowest cost option) may be discontinued or changed at any time.
**		Nest and Pixel products are designed with between 9% and 68% recycled content across their respective plastic parts in 2020 and 2021. This does not include plastics in printed circuit boards, labels, cables, connectors, electronic components and modules, optical components, electrostatic discharge (ESD) components, electromagnetic interference (EMI) components, films, coatings and adhesives.

The aluminum in the enclosure of Pixel 5 is 100% recycled content. (Back housing only. Recycled aluminum is approximately 58% of the Pixel 5 enclosure based on weight.) The aluminum in the housing of Pixel 6 is 100% recycled content. (Recycled aluminum (in the housing and other recycled aluminum components) is approximately 14% of product based on weight.)
© 2022 Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States
This email was sent to hello@SmilesDavis.yeah because you asked to receive offers, updates and more about devices from Google on store.google.com. If you’d like to unsubscribe, click here.
Privacy policy   |   Terms of Service